ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/colored-man-pages
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/colorize
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/golang
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/git-flow-avh
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/git-extras
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/nvm
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/npm
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/node
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/aws
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/vscode
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/sublime
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/urltools
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/pyenv
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/python
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/virtualenv
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/docker
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/docker-compose
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/ssh-agent
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/brew

mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/autosuggestions
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/directory
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/environment
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/editor
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/history
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/utility
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/zfunctions
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/completions
mattmc3/zsh-safe-rm
mattmc3/zsh-xdg-basedir
mattmc3/zman


zshzoo/macos
chrissicool/zsh-256color
olets/zsh-window-title
olets/zsh-abbr kind:defer
akoenig/npm-run.plugin.zsh
hlissner/zsh-autopair
supercrabtree/k
zsh-users/zsh-history-substring-search
zdharma-continuum/fast-syntax-highlighting kind:defer
zdharma-continuum/zsh-select kind:defer
rupa/z